# GA WDI London – Project 2# AnecjokesA hipster diary where you can jot down your memories so that you can easily relive them. ####The BriefTo build an app in Rails with at least 3 models. (Insert the models that I used)####Why did I chose this app?The millennial generation is notorious for the amount of information it processes day in and day out. The problem with this is that as new information is absorbed prior thoughts are discarded. Often this can include meaningful and fun memories. Anecjokes is a means of documenting these memories so that they are easily accessible wherever and whenever. ####Screenshot of the App
####What it was built in1. HTML 52. CASS3. Java Script	4. Ruby on Rails	####Problems and Challenges1. Mapping out the associations was definitely a challenge for me. The difficulty does not only lie in crafting the philosophical elements; framing what should belong to what and how things are categorised. It is also found in the physical drawing. Both drawing it out on paper but also on draw.io. 2. In order to counteract this I wrote everything out on excel because that is something that I am familiar with and makes sense to me. I then endeavoured to translate that on to paper. Afterwards, I then drew it up neatly on draw.io. I have certainly realised the importance of taking the time to map out your associations properly. With hindsight (although, it fortunately did not hinder me) you can see just how crucial this stage is.3. Another challenge was wireframing. I did not fully complete the wireframing process because I took so long with my associations. The few designs I did on balasamiq were very useful. I took inspiration from apps that I liked; twitter, instagram, yik yak and facebook. However, the lack of depth meant that when I came to style I felt that I lacked a definite direction which undermined my discipline. Similarly to the associations I think it would be much better to have had a full proof plan.4. Styling is another area I find difficult. This was mainly due to time constraints. However, foundation is very powerful and I should have perhaps incorporated aspects of it earlier as this would have saved far more time in the long run. That said, I learnt a lot doing it in a more “vanilla” way initially.  #### WINSUsing lots of different gems including:1. Geocoder (for locations)2. rmagick (for images)3. carrierwave (for uploading files)3. acts_as_commentable (for commenting)4. acts_as_votable (for liking)5. devise (for logging in, passwords, registration etc)6. foundation (for styling)7. Rails (for building it)Using Sass (Foundation rather than Bootstrap) was very powerful.####Things that I would like to add1. Get the acts as votable working properly. So that you could properly rate things. 2. Be able to click on the map and go to all the stories from that emoji specifically. 3. Be able to add a search feature where you are able to search by anything that you want rather than having to go to each page.4. Have “joint jokers” which are anecists that you could tag in your anecjokes…you could therefore have another model where you could view things according to the people that you shared it with or that they shared it with. Rather like “see friendship” and “see friendship between” on facebook. 5. Add a timehop element or location services element where you get reminded of things 1 year on or next time you are in that location. 6. Be able to share stories directly on social media platforms (what’s app, twitter, facebook, email etc.) 7. Add stories in a number of different ways; audio and mp3 rather than just purely text.8. I would like to be able to have a divider in the page so that when you scroll to the bottom some of the buttons stay at the top.